Notes on the State of Bhima
===================================

## TODOS:


### Inventory
1. French translations for all pages


### Purchase Order
1. Filter for purchasable items

### Stock Creation/Registration
1. Needs to be consolidated and made solid.
2. Validation and verification on the form.
3. Weight + volume should have units 
4. Price should have units
5. Inventory group must filter accounts
6. Disable title accounts
7. Validation for inventory group
8. Error Handling for stock registration

### Inventory View
1. Be able to print a report of price/group/account/stock
2. Group by/filter/search utilities
3. Rename to be Stock Management
4. CSS styling for slickgrid
5. Links to update stock

### Receipts
1. Rename invoice --> receipts
2. Overflow: auto should go to overflow-y

### New Module: Inventory Management
1. Udpate Stock => Update inventory item
2. Inventory View
3. Create inventory group page/module
4. Create inventory type page/module
5. Create inventory item (register stock is currently this)

### Stock Management
1. Loading the depot should do a 'get' so that it will not load in an old
depot.
2. Configuration page sets the depot id, rather than a dropdown.

### Register Supplier
1. Move from 'inventory' tree to 'admin'

### Update Stock
1. Needs to be updated to the latest schema
2. Must be able to edit everything.

### Stock History
1. Impliment this.

### Stock Movement
1. Needs to be updated to the lastest DB schema
2. Must write stock movement to the DB

### Stock Entry
1. Placeholder of (enter purchase order id)
2. Searching should more details (date, purchaser, uuid)
3. Do not change controllers with stock entry until data is submitted
4. Signing should be "optional"
5. Purchase price is $0.00 and must reflect real price valuation.

### Stock Distribution
1. Need to finish page (impliment interface)
2. Updated to lastest database.

### Stock Loss
1. Need to design + impliment

### Extra
1. Remove me.

### Find Stock Items
1. Needs to use REST API routes to locate items
2. Major interface overhaul required.
3. Print if necessary, but interactivity favored above all.

### Expiring Stock
1. Impliment clientside of expiring stock.

### Services
1. Remove "cost" valuation of cost center
2. Checkbox should be smaller.
3. Translations into English.

### Versement des Comptes
1. Default value to select
2. Translate page into English
3. Scrolling issues on page.

### Assignation
1. Default value for a cost center
2. Default value for first center 1, then 0 for others
3. Coefficients should sum to 1 (enforce this)
4. Create a history table for cost allocations, where the cost coefficients are recorded and total value


## General
We need to be able to undo all the things we do (purchase orders) if things are not correct.
